(Morning of second day in Jeju!)
(The first shooting of the day is a group dance!)
Choerry: Hi! I'm going to apply sunblock!
Choeery: When suns is beating down like today, you better wear sunblock.
Choerry: I'm going to dance wearing this fancy(?) clothes!
Choeery: I have practiced the choreography a lot,
Choerry: But the details kept changing.
Choerry: So I don't have enough confidence to dance well...
(She practiced at the airport!)
(And practiced again at the hotel)
(She kept practicing the choreography even in the MV set!)
Choerry: (Asking herself) Can I do this well?
Choerry: (Answering herselft) Yes, I can!
Choerry: Fighting!
(Choerry doing really well as much as she practiced!)